.TH WATCHME 1 "2026-07-16" "watchme 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
watchme \- local supervisor for long-running coding-agent sessions
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B watchme
[\fICOMMAND\fR]
.PP
.B WatchMe
is an uppercase compatibility alias installed beside
.BR watchme .
.SH DESCRIPTION
WatchMe discovers the current tmux or Herdr pane, identifies the coding-agent
process, observes structured hooks and logs before terminal captures, applies
deterministic recoveries, and escalates unsafe or ambiguous cases to a human.
.PP
Invoking the binary with no arguments registers the current agent context when
detection succeeds. Outside a supported context it prints guidance and exits
non-zero.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B status [ID] [--json]
Show daemon and watcher status.
.TP
.B list [--json]
List watchers.
.TP
.B doctor [--strict] [--json]
Run local diagnostics.
.TP
.B daemon start|run|status|stop
Manage the per-user supervisor.
.B daemon start
runs the supervisor in the background and waits for readiness;
.B daemon run
keeps it in the foreground for diagnostics and service managers.
.TP
.B hooks install-claude|remove-claude
Install or remove the owner-only Claude StopFailure hook.
.TP
.B stop --all|--json
Stop watchers.
.TP
.B config path|check|show
Inspect configuration.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/watchme/
Owner-only configuration directory.
.TP
.I $XDG_STATE_HOME/watchme/
Owner-only durable state and audit log.
.TP
.I $XDG_RUNTIME_DIR/watchme/
Owner-only runtime directory and daemon socket.
.SH SEE ALSO
docs/commands.md, docs/hooks.md, docs/privacy.md
